Add load cloud providers as runtime plugins feature to CAA and Peerpod-ctrl (#1706)
confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor: src/cloud-api-adaptor/docs/addnewprovider.md

> # :memo: Adding support for a new provider (Compile-time plugin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# :memo: Adding support for a new built-in provider
```

Author: updated.

> # :memo: Adding support for a new provider (Compile-time plugin way)

Reviewer 2: Nit: Compile-time plugin way -> Compile-time plugin?

```
Note the comment at the top of the file, when building ensure `-tags=` is set to include your new provider. See the [Makefile](../../cloud-api-adaptor/Makefile#L26) for more context and usage.

### Step 3: Add documentation on how to build a Pod VM image

For using the provider, a pod VM image needs to be created in order to create the peer pod instances. Add the instructions for building the peer pod VM image at the root directory similar to the other providers.

### Step 4: Add E2E tests for the new provider

For more information, please refer to the section on [adding support for a new cloud provider](../test/e2e/README.md#adding-support-for-a-new-cloud-provider) in the E2E testing documentation.

> # :memo: Adding support for a new provider (Runtime-time plugin way)

Reviewer 2: Nit: Compile-time plugin way -> Compile-time plugin?

	// Debug print cloudInitCloudConfigData
	if !ok {
		return nil, fmt.Errorf("User Data generator did not use the cloud-init Cloud Config data format")
	}
	userData, err := cloudInitCloudConfigData.Generate()
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}
	logger.Printf("===CreateInstance: userData from libvirt-ext: %s", userData)

	return p.libvirtProvider.CreateInstance(ctx, podName, sandboxID, cloudConfig, spec)
}

func (p *libvirtext) DeleteInstance(ctx context.Context, instanceID string) error {
	return p.libvirtProvider.DeleteInstance(ctx, instanceID)
}

func (p *libvirtext) Teardown() error {
	return nil
}

func (p *libvirtext) ConfigVerifier() error {
	VolName := p.serviceConfig.VolName
	if len(VolName) == 0 {
		return fmt.Errorf("VolName is empty")
	}
	return nil
}
EOF
```

### Step 3: Prepare the go.mod and go.sum
```bash
cat > /root/cloud-api-adaptor/src/libvirt-ext/go.mod <<EOF
module github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/libvirt-ext

go 1.20

require github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers v0.8.0

replace github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers => ../cloud-providers

EOF

go mod tidy
```

> ### Step 4: build the cloud provder plugin file via docker

Reviewer 2: Typo provder -> provider

```
Note the comment at the top of the file, when building ensure `-tags=` is set to include your new provider. See the [Makefile](../../cloud-api-adaptor/Makefile#L26) for more context and usage.

### Step 3: Add documentation on how to build a Pod VM image

For using the provider, a pod VM image needs to be created in order to create the peer pod instances. Add the instructions for building the peer pod VM image at the root directory similar to the other providers.

### Step 4: Add E2E tests for the new provider

For more information, please refer to the section on [adding support for a new cloud provider](../test/e2e/README.md#adding-support-for-a-new-cloud-provider) in the E2E testing documentation.

# :memo: Adding support for a new external provider
External plugins are loaded dynamically and you don't need to recompile `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` for adding external plugins.

The following section describes building and using an external `libvirt` plugin with the provider name is `example`.

Assume you are using the `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` image with the external plugin function support.

> And the cloud-api-adaptor source code at `$HOME/cloud-api-adaptor` on your build machine.

Author: updated to use relative path

	return nil
}

func (p *libvirtext) ConfigVerifier() error {
	VolName := p.serviceConfig.VolName
	if len(VolName) == 0 {
		return fmt.Errorf("VolName is empty")
	}
	return nil
}
EOF
```

### Step 3: Prepare the go.mod and go.sum
```bash
cat > $HOME/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example/go.mod <<EOF
module github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example

go 1.20

require github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers v0.8.0

replace github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers => ../cloud-providers

EOF

go mod tidy
```

### Step 4: build the cloud provider plugin file via docker
```bash
cat <<EOF > Dockerfile
ARG BUILDER_BASE=quay.io/confidential-containers/golang-fedora:1.21.9-38
FROM --platform="\$TARGETPLATFORM" \$BUILDER_BASE AS builder
RUN dnf install -y libvirt-devel && dnf clean all
WORKDIR /work
COPY ./cloud-providers ./cloud-providers
COPY ./example ./example

WORKDIR /work/example
RUN GOOS=linux GOARCH=\$TARGETPLATFORM CGO_ENABLED=1 go build -tags=libvirt -buildmode=plugin .

FROM --platform=\$TARGETPLATFORM alpine:latest
COPY --from=builder /work/example/example.so /example.so
EOF

> mkdir ./build

Author: updated.

> cd ../ && docker buildx build --platform "linux/s390x" \

Author: yeah, agree, updated.

> cd ../ && docker buildx build --platform "linux/s390x" \

Reviewer 3: This doesn't seem to have been updated?

> cd ../ && docker buildx build --platform "linux/s390x" \

Reviewer 3: Sorry @liudalibj - I should have tagged you here in case you missed me unresolving this.

> cd ../ && docker buildx build --platform "linux/s390x" \

Author: updated.

	-t quay.io/confidential-containers/example \
	-f example/Dockerfile \
	-o type=local,dest="./example/build" \
	.
```

> > **Note** the external cloud provider plugin need to be built using the same golang and package versions that was used to build cloud-api-adaptor.

Author: yeah, updated to `**Note:**`

The built out cloud provider plugin file is "$HOME/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example/build/example.so"

### Step 5: Prepare the test libvirt peerpod env by following this [document](../libvirt/README.md)

### Step 6: Update the "peer-pods-cm" configmap to enable cloud provider external plugin `example`

> ```yaml

Author: added a sub-step

> ...

Author: added the command.

```
Note the comment at the top of the file, when building ensure `-tags=` is set to include your new provider. See the [Makefile](../../cloud-api-adaptor/Makefile#L26) for more context and usage.

### Step 3: Add documentation on how to build a Pod VM image

For using the provider, a pod VM image needs to be created in order to create the peer pod instances. Add the instructions for building the peer pod VM image at the root directory similar to the other providers.

### Step 4: Add E2E tests for the new provider

For more information, please refer to the section on [adding support for a new cloud provider](../test/e2e/README.md#adding-support-for-a-new-cloud-provider) in the E2E testing documentation.

> # :memo: Adding support for a new provider (Runtime-time plugin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# :memo: Adding support for a new external provider
```

Author: updated.

> Follow this section user just need build the new cloud provider "example" plugin file, and modify "peer-pods-cm" configmap and "cloud-api-adaptor" damonset, do NOT need re-build `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External plugins are loaded dynamically and you don't need to recompile `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` for adding external plugins.
```

Author: updated.

> Assume you are using the `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` image with the Runtime-time plugin function support.

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
Assume you are using the `cloud-api-adaptor` and `peerpod-ctrl` image with the external plugin function support.
```

Author: updated.

> And the cloud-api-adaptor source code at `/root/cloud-api-adaptor` on your build machine.

Reviewer: This could be any path right (for eg `$HOME/cloud-api-adaptor`) and not necessarily `/root/cloud-api-adaptor` ?

Author: yeah, it can be any path, use in my dev build machine I use `/root/cloud-api-adaptor`.
Will update to use `$HOME/cloud-api-adaptor`

Author: updated.

### Step 1: Initialize and register the cloud provider manager

```bash
mkdir -p /root/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example/
cd /root/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example

cat > /root/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example/manager.go <<EOF
//go:build cgo
package main

import (
	"flag"

	providers "github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers"
	"github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers/libvirt"
)

type Manager struct {
	libvirtManager *libvirt.Manager
}

func init() {
	libvirtManager := &libvirt.Manager{}
	manager := &Manager{
		libvirtManager: libvirtManager,
	}
	providers.AddCloudProvider("example", manager)
}

func (m *Manager) ParseCmd(flags *flag.FlagSet) {
	m.libvirtManager.ParseCmd(flags)
}

func (m *Manager) LoadEnv() {

	m.libvirtManager.LoadEnv()
}

func (m *Manager) NewProvider() (providers.Provider, error) {
	return NewProvider(m.libvirtManager.GetConfig())
}
EOF
```

> > **Note** The the package name must is "main" for Runtime-time plugin, all other required methods are same as Compile-time plugin.

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
**Note** The the package name must be "main" for external plugin, all other required methods are same as built-in plugin.
```

Author: updated.

go 1.20

require github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers v0.8.0

replace github.com/confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor/src/cloud-providers => ../cloud-providers

EOF

go mod tidy
```

### Step 4: build the cloud provider plugin file via docker
```bash
cat <<EOF > Dockerfile
ARG BUILDER_BASE=quay.io/confidential-containers/golang-fedora:1.21.9-38
FROM --platform="\$TARGETPLATFORM" \$BUILDER_BASE AS builder
RUN dnf install -y libvirt-devel && dnf clean all
WORKDIR /work
COPY ./cloud-providers ./cloud-providers
COPY ./example ./example

WORKDIR /work/example
RUN GOOS=linux GOARCH=\$TARGETPLATFORM CGO_ENABLED=1 go build -tags=libvirt -buildmode=plugin .

FROM --platform=\$TARGETPLATFORM alpine:latest
COPY --from=builder /work/example/example.so /example.so
EOF

mkdir ./build
cd ../ && docker buildx build --platform "linux/s390x" \
	-t quay.io/confidential-containers/example \
	-f example/Dockerfile \
	-o type=local,dest="./example/build" \
	.
```
> **Note** the cloud provider plugin need be built with the same build env that cloud-api-adaptor be built:
> - go version
> - reqired packages version

> >

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
> **Note** the external cloud provider plugin need to be built using the same golang and package versions that was used to build cloud-api-adaptor
```

Author: updated.

> Otherwise error: "plugin was built with a different version of package XXX" will be report from CAA/Peerpod-ctrl

The built out cloud provider plugin file is "/root/cloud-api-adaptor/src/example/build/example.so"

> ### Step 5: Prepare the test libvirt peerpod env follow [document](../libvirt/README.md)

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
### Step 5: Prepare the test libvirt peerpod env by following this [document](../libvirt/README.md)
```

Author: updated.

### Step 5: Prepare the test libvirt peerpod env by following this [document](../libvirt/README.md)

### Step 6: Update the "peer-pods-cm" configmap to enable cloud provider external `libvirt` plugin
- Calculate the SHA256 checksum of the built external plugin
```bash
sha256sum src/libvirt/build/libvirt.so
60e5cdbcb910c6331c796ce66dfa32e50bf083689ffdf18ee136d91a9da5ddab src/libvirt/build/libvirt.so
```
- Update "peer-pods-cm" configmap
```bash
kubectl edit cm peer-pods-cm -n confidential-containers-system
...
  CLOUD_PROVIDER: libvirt
  ENABLE_CLOUD_PROVIDER_EXTERNAL_PLUGIN: "true"
  CLOUD_PROVIDER_EXTERNAL_PLUGIN_HASH: 60e5cdbcb910c6331c796ce66dfa32e50bf083689ffdf18ee136d91a9da5ddab
  CLOUD_PROVIDER_EXTERNAL_PLUGIN_PATH: /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/libvirt.so
...
```
> **Note:** CLOUD_PROVIDER_EXTERNAL_PLUGIN_HASH is sha256sum of the built out external cloud provider plugin

### Step 7: Actions on the worker node
- Copy the external plugin file to worker
```bash
ssh root@worker-ip 'mkdir -p /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins && chmod +x /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins'
scp src/libvirt/build/libvirt.so root@worker-ip:/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
```

> - Prepare `entrypoint.sh` for the external `libvirt` plugin under worker's `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins` folder

Author: Update the step to prepare `entrypoint.sh`
Updated the folder from `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/` to `/opt/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/` in worker node.

> - Prepare `entrypoint.sh` for the external `libvirt` plugin under worker's `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins` folder

Author: the `/run` folder in worker node is be mounted with `noexec`
```
root@peer-pods-worker-0:~# mount |grep /run
tmpfs on /run type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,size=615648k,mode=755,inode64)
```

[[ "${CLOUD_CONFIG_VERIFY}" == "true" ]] && optionals+="-cloud-config-verify "

test_vars() {
    for i in "$@"; do
        [ -z "${!i}" ] && echo "\$$i is NOT set" && EXT=1
    done
    [[ -n $EXT ]] && exit 1
}

one_of() {
    for i in "$@"; do
        [ -n "${!i}" ] && echo "\$$i is SET" && EXIST=1
    done
    [[ -z $EXIST ]] && echo "At least one of these must be SET: $*" && exit 1
}

libvirt() {
    test_vars LIBVIRT_URI

    [[ "${DISABLECVM}" = "true" ]] && optionals+="-disable-cvm "
    set -x
    exec cloud-api-adaptor libvirt \
        -uri "${LIBVIRT_URI}" \
        -data-dir /opt/data-dir \
        -pods-dir /run/peerpod/pods \
        -network-name "${LIBVIRT_NET:-default}" \
        -pool-name "${LIBVIRT_POOL:-default}" \
        ${optionals} \
        -socket /run/peerpod/hypervisor.sock
}

help_msg() {
    cat <<EOF
Usage:
	CLOUD_PROVIDER=libvirt $0
or
	$0 libvirt
in addition all cloud provider specific env variables must be set and valid
(CLOUD_PROVIDER is currently set to "$CLOUD_PROVIDER")
EOF
}

if [[ "$CLOUD_PROVIDER" == "libvirt" ]]; then
    libvirt
else
    help_msg
fi
```
### Step 8: Update cloud-api-adaptor damonset to use the external `libvirt` plugin

> - Overwrite the command

Author: added the command

```
    spec:
      containers:
      - command:
        - /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh
```

> - Mout `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/` from worker node to the `cloud-api-adaptor-con` container

Author: fixed.

```yaml
...
        volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
          name: provider-dir
...
      volumes:
      - hostPath:
          path: /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
          type: Directory
        name: provider-dir
...
```

> ### Step 9: Update peerpod-ctrl deploy to use the external `libvirt` plugin

Author: updated.

> - Mount `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins` from worker node to the `manager` container

Author: added.

```yaml
...
      volumes:
      - hostPath:
          path: /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
          type: Directory
        name: provider-dir
...
        volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
          name: provider-dir
...
```

> ### Step 10: Verify cloud-api-adaptor/peerpod-ctrl pod is running without error

Reviewer 3: On the worker I corrected the permissions of the entrypoint.sh:
```
root@peer-pods-worker-0:~# ls -al /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 2329 Apr 16 14:57 /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh
```
but the pod still failed with a permissions error:
```
# kubectl describe pod -lapp=cloud-api-adaptor -n confidential-containers-system
Name:             cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset-js6rh
Namespace:        confidential-containers-system
Priority:         0
Service Account:  cloud-api-adaptor
Node:             peer-pods-worker-0/192.168.122.38
Start Time:       Tue, 16 Apr 2024 16:58:56 +0000
Labels:           app=cloud-api-adaptor
                  controller-revision-hash=76f7b78b78
                  pod-template-generation=3
Annotations:      <none>
Status:           Running
IP:               192.168.122.38
IPs:
  IP:           192.168.122.38
Controlled By:  DaemonSet/cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset
Containers:
  cloud-api-adaptor-con:
    Container ID:  containerd://2e5cc8073fa73e07db74b66e7d2e42ea0338c40cf98009a30dab902f8293bead
    Image:         quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec
    Image ID:      quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor@sha256:f7093ead38b8274517739791609f0e62f317a6005b8cb8824eae2e01a3775138
    Port:          <none>
    Host Port:     <none>
    Command:
      /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh
    State:          Waiting
      Reason:       CrashLoopBackOff
    Last State:     Terminated
      Reason:       StartError
      Message:      failed to create containerd task: failed to create shim task: OCI runtime create failed: runc create failed: unable to start container process: eaccess /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh: permission denied: unknown
      Exit Code:    128
      Started:      Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:00:00 +0000
      Finished:     Tue, 16 Apr 2024 16:59:45 +0000
    Ready:          False
    Restart Count:  3
    Startup:        http-get http://:8000/startup delay=20s timeout=1s period=20s #success=1 #failure=30
    Environment Variables from:
      peer-pods-secret  Secret     Optional: false
      peer-pods-cm      ConfigMap  Optional: false
    Environment:
      NODE_NAME:   (v1:spec.nodeName)
    Mounts:
      /root/.ssh/ from ssh (ro)
      /root/containers/ from auth-json (ro)
      /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins from provider-dir (rw)
      /run/netns from netns (rw)
      /run/peerpod from pods-dir (rw)
      /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount from kube-api-access-thtb6 (ro)
Conditions:
  Type              Status
  Initialized       True
  Ready             False
  ContainersReady   False
  PodScheduled      True
Volumes:
  auth-json:
    Type:        Secret (a volume populated by a Secret)
    SecretName:  auth-json-secret
    Optional:    true
  ssh:
    Type:        Secret (a volume populated by a Secret)
    SecretName:  ssh-key-secret
    Optional:    true
  pods-dir:
    Type:          HostPath (bare host directory volume)
    Path:          /run/peerpod
    HostPathType:
  netns:
    Type:          HostPath (bare host directory volume)
    Path:          /run/netns
    HostPathType:
  provider-dir:
    Type:          HostPath (bare host directory volume)
    Path:          /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins
    HostPathType:  Directory
  kube-api-access-thtb6:
    Type:                    Projected (a volume that contains injected data from multiple sources)
    TokenExpirationSeconds:  3607
    ConfigMapName:           kube-root-ca.crt
    ConfigMapOptional:       <nil>
    DownwardAPI:             true
QoS Class:                   BestEffort
Node-Selectors:              node.kubernetes.io/worker=
Tolerations:                 node.kubernetes.io/disk-pressure:NoSchedule op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/memory-pressure:NoSchedule op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/network-unavailable:NoSchedule op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/not-ready:NoExecute op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/pid-pressure:NoSchedule op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/unreachable:NoExecute op=Exists
                             node.kubernetes.io/unschedulable:NoSchedule op=Exists
Events:
  Type     Reason     Age                From               Message
  ----     ------     ----               ----               -------
  Normal   Scheduled  78s                default-scheduler  Successfully assigned confidential-containers-system/cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset-js6rh to peer-pods-worker-0
  Normal   Pulled     77s                kubelet            Successfully pulled image "quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec" in 609.593825ms (609.657269ms including waiting)
  Normal   Pulled     75s                kubelet            Successfully pulled image "quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec" in 581.294288ms (581.324452ms including waiting)
  Normal   Pulled     61s                kubelet            Successfully pulled image "quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec" in 578.42918ms (578.46711ms including waiting)
  Normal   Pulling    30s (x4 over 77s)  kubelet            Pulling image "quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec"
  Normal   Created    29s (x4 over 77s)  kubelet            Created container cloud-api-adaptor-con
  Warning  Failed     29s (x4 over 77s)  kubelet            Error: failed to create containerd task: failed to create shim task: OCI runtime create failed: runc create failed: unable to start container process: eaccess /run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins/entrypoint.sh: permission denied: unknown
  Normal   Pulled     29s                kubelet            Successfully pulled image "quay.io/stevenhorsman/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-4830f38ebfa4051281bad3ac9e318013658ff4ec" in 592.613617ms (592.65714ms including waiting)
  Warning  BackOff    17s (x9 over 75s)  kubelet            Back-off restarting failed container cloud-api-adaptor-con in pod cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset-js6rh_confidential-containers-system(c8afcf00-6476-442e-b82a-fe4b83cf8d95)
```

It's probably user error, but do you have an idea of what I might have done wrong?

Author: Double confirmed that the `/run/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins` folder do not work as expected.
Use the `/opt/cloud-api-adaptor/plugins` to replace it in the worker node.
And use the `/cloud-providers` as mount point inside container.

@stevenhorsman I update the document, please try again thanks.
And here is the images that I used base on the latest code in this PR.
- quay.io/liudalibj/peerpod-ctrl:latest
- quay.io/liudalibj/cloud-api-adaptor:dev-a8b81333ccb6b0e0adf71c8eda675da97d24d649

Author: the `/run` folder in worker node is be mounted with `noexec`
```
root@peer-pods-worker-0:~# mount |grep /run
tmpfs on /run type tmpfs (rw,nosuid,nodev,noexec,relatime,size=615648k,mode=755,inode64)
```

Reviewer 3: With the updating documentation process the CAA seems to be working fine:
```
# kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system ds/cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset
+ exec cloud-api-adaptor libvirt -uri 'qemu+ssh://root@192.168.122.1/system?no_verify=1' -data-dir /opt/data-dir -pods-dir /run/peerpod/pods -network-name default -pool-name default -disable-cvm -socket /run/peerpod/hypervisor.sock
2024/04/17 10:50:10 [adaptor/cloud] Loading external plugin libvirt from /cloud-providers/libvirt.so
2024/04/17 10:50:10 [adaptor/cloud] Successfully opened the external plugin /cloud-providers/libvirt.so
```
and the same for the peerpod-ctrl:
```
# kubectl logs peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-85745445fd-zqq4p -n confidential-containers-system
2024-04-17T10:51:47Z	INFO	controller-runtime.metrics	Metrics server is starting to listen	{"addr": "127.0.0.1:8080"}
2024/04/17 10:51:47 [adaptor/cloud] Loading external plugin libvirt from /cloud-providers/libvirt.so
2024/04/17 10:51:47 [adaptor/cloud] Successfully opened the external plugin /cloud-providers/libvirt.so
2024/04/17 10:51:47 [adaptor/cloud/libvirt] libvirt config: &libvirt.Config{URI:"qemu+ssh://root@192.168.122.1/system?no_verify=1", PoolName:"default", NetworkName:"default", DataDir:"", DisableCVM:false, VolName:"podvm-base.qcow2", LaunchSecurity:"", Firmware:"/usr/share/edk2/ovmf/OVMF_CODE.fd"}
2024/04/17 10:51:48 [adaptor/cloud/libvirt] Created libvirt connection
```

2024/04/17 04:34:56 [adaptor] server started
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] nodeName: peer-pods-worker-0
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Selected pods count: 10
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: cc-operator-controller-manager-857f844f7d-7xmjr
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: cc-operator-daemon-install-ms96p
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: cc-operator-pre-install-daemon-wfnfl
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: cloud-api-adaptor-daemonset-66srd
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-865cb874d-mknth
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: ingress-nginx-admission-create-lxlx4
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: ingress-nginx-admission-patch-j2xqb
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: ingress-nginx-controller-7bf7bc78dc-c4tzl
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: kube-flannel-ds-rk56t
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] Ignored standard pod: kube-proxy-464dj
2024/04/17 04:35:35 [probe/probe] All PeerPods standup. we do not check the PeerPods status any more.
...

> kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system   peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-865cb874d-mknth

Reviewer 3: I've found that this doesn't give the same content as the pod log and I'm not sure why, so maybe we can't do this change

> kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system   peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-865cb874d-mknth

Author: Yeah, the log from deployment is different from the one from pod

> kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system   peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-865cb874d-mknth

Author: This command string works well.

```bash
kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system $(kubectl get po -A | grep peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager | awk '{print $2}')
```

> kubectl logs -n confidential-containers-system   peerpod-ctrl-controller-manager-865cb874d-mknth

Reviewer 3: We could potentially add labels to the deployment to let us do this, but I'm not sure it if having two containers adds to the complication here, so I don't think this is in scope for this PR
